Add module support by platform table for watchOS and visionOS (#35403)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/ios/supported_versions.md

| macOS (Catalyst) | partially supported | 12+ | Catalyst is supported in build mode only, which means that macOS targets build, but functionalities for the SDK might not work for this target. |
| macOS | | 12+ | macOS is not officially supported by the Datadog SDK. Some features may not be fully functional. **Note**:  `DatadogRUM`, `DatadogSessionReplay`, and `DatadogObjc`, which heavily depend on `UIKit`, do not build on macOS. |
| visionOS | | 1.0+ | visionOS is not officially supported by the Datadog SDK. Some features may not be fully functional. |
| watchOS | | 7.0+ | watchOS is not officially supported by the Datadog SDK. Some features may not be fully functional. |
| Linux | | n/a | |

### Module support by platform

  | Module | iOS | tvOS | watchOS | visionOS | Notes |
  |--------|-----|------|---------|----------|-------|
  | DatadogCore | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | |
  | DatadogLogs | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | |
  | DatadogTrace | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | |
  | DatadogCrashReporting | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | |

>   | DatadogRUM | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} * | {{< X >}} | |

Reviewer: The `\*` footnote pattern isn't used on the Datadog docs site. Since the other rows use the Notes column to explain platform limitations, consider moving this information there — it keeps the table self-contained and avoids a non-standard footnote. You can then remove the `\* **RUM limitations on watchOS**` block below the table.

```suggestion
  | DatadogRUM | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | watchOS: automatic view/action tracking, frame rate monitoring, and memory warning detection are not available. |
```

  | DatadogFlags | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | |
  | DatadogProfiling | {{< X >}} | {{< X >}} | | {{< X >}} | Not available on watchOS. The profiling module requires system-level APIs that watchOS does not support. |

>   | DatadogSessionReplay | {{< X >}} | | | | Not available on tvOS, watchOS, and visionOS. SessionReplay depends on specific rendering capabilities that are not available on these platforms. |

Reviewer: The closing clause restates what "Not available on X" already establishes. Suggest trimming:

```suggestion
  | DatadogSessionReplay | {{< X >}} | | | | Not available on tvOS, watchOS, and visionOS. SessionReplay requires rendering capabilities not available on these platforms. |
```

>   | DatadogWebViewTracking | {{< X >}} | | | {{< X >}} | Not available on tvOS and watchOS. WebViewTracking requires browser rendering capabilities that are not available on these platforms. |

Reviewer: Same pattern as above — the closing clause restates what "Not available on X" already establishes:

```suggestion
  | DatadogWebViewTracking | {{< X >}} | | | {{< X >}} | Not available on tvOS and watchOS. WebViewTracking requires browser rendering capabilities not available on these platforms. |
```
